these
Celtic became the first british football
club to win the European Cup in 1967 the
only scottish club to have done so but
more remarkably they won the trophy the
team consisting an entirely homegrown
talent it's one of the most dramatic
footballing stories of all time within
two years of becoming manager of glasgow
celtic jocks team the team born within a
radius of 30 miles of celtic park with
on the rule how long with over 12,000
bans against all odds they beat one of
the greatest european sides of all time
is break into the lab in portugal thus
football the legends affectionately
known as the list reminders and we have
three of those lines here to share the
time of their lives starting on the line
the balls are collected five league
titles to something
los Dioses of the worst scenes of
violence that Manchester has ever seen
you may well work all the headlines it
was the night of UEFA cup final two
Rangers and zenit saint petersburg
crowds of math so called football fans
went on the rampage much of its caught
on CCTV to see look at this here you can
see big bunch of fans a lot of them
bully I started to throw sewing creates
portals let them get their hands on and
then you see that policeman in the
center of the screen is about to be the
dosing just watching triptan right up
there is a kixin brings them down and
remarkably this policeman managers to
struggle to ski runs off to the the left
of the screen there but just terrifying
isn't well tonight for the first time
natives are missing footage of a second
attack nice officer and these things
lucky to survive enjoy me in our pc
you